So we set everything up and The Last Lecture.
Now let's create our form.
Now we could initializers right here to set a value immediately but I don't like to do this year.
I want to have it in a method because it actually is quite a lot of code and it's not the best place
to have to write.
You are at the top in the property declaration area.
So I will use the on in a lifecycle look for this.
So we'll import on in it.
Make sure to imported from an angle or cohort and therefore I'm required to implement energy on that
method.
And then here I will initialize my form.
You should initialize it before rendering the template of course so make sure to use a lifecycle hook
which is called before the template is rendered.
Hearable set up my sign up formula that said equal to to what.
Well keep in mind sign up form is of type form group so we need to create a new form group here just
like this.
Now we have almost a valid form we need to pass a javascript object here and we're theoretically done.
This is our first created for this javascript object configures it and as it's empty it simply says
or touts angler.
This forum doesn't have any controls so let's add some controls are basically just key value pairs in
this object we pass to the overall form group.
So let's have a look at our HMO code.
We have a user name field and the email field and then we get the radio buttons here at the bottom.
So it would make sense to have a user name control.
I'm wrapping this in quotation marks to make sure that during minification when this code gets some
mangled this property name is kept because I will reference it in th HTML code.
This might not be necessary.
It might not get destroyed but just to be sure I'm wrapping it as a string.
So here what is this now.
Well this is a form control and numbered class made available by the re-active forms module or by the
forms package here.
I should say so I will set up or create a new form control here and form control should also be added
from the forms package from an angle or forms.
Now Tudor's form control constructor we can pass a couple of arguments.
The first argument is to initial state the initial value of this control you could say.
The second argument will be a single validator or an array of validators we want to apply to this control
or come back.
This deferred argument will be potential asynchronous validators.
I will also come back to this later.
For now I want to set an initial state of NULL to have an empty field but you could also pass a string
like default username.
And now this would later be displayed as a DiVall username again.
I'll keep it at null for now.
Now have a look at the template again the next Philos. to email.
So I'm going to add a number control and a number of key value pair in this javascript object which
will also be a new form control.
And here I will also say the default value of NULL again validation will be added later.
Now gender does the gender the user selects is also a new form control.
It might be a radio button but that is just a normal input in the end.
So to annular it simply is a control.
And here I could set this to now.
But I want to select the default gender.
So here I will actually select male because that's my gender.
Feel free to pig female of course or add more genders to desiré of chanters up here to begin with with
this a basic form is initialized.
It has three controls and that is all for now.
This is our first basic form now in the next lecture.
We're going to connect this form be created here in typescript to reform.
We have set up in the age HTML code